
I needed to get a key made so that I could get into (Building name) (room number) to let in my students.  
Along  the  way,  I  learned  a  couple  of  interesting  things  about  the  lock  and  key 
system at public university:
 Keys  are  issued  by  Building  and  Maintenance  to  employees  (staff  or 
faculty)  who  make  a  request.    Each  request  specifies  which  room  they 
want access to, and the identity of the employee.  University employees 
have an ID number, just like students.
  o An employee can make more than one request to access a room.  
They might get a key to that room, then return the key when they 
no  longer  need  it,  and  then  get  assigned  to  teach  in  that  room 
again later and they need to request access again.
  o When the request is made, we track who made the request and 
when it was made.
 A room is uniquely identified by room number within a building.  Assume 
the room number is an integer.  Do not worry about rooms that can be 
subdivided.  That gets a bit more complex than we want to get into now.
 Each room has at least one door.  Assume that the door has a name, like 
“front”, “back”, “south”, and so forth.
  o Assume that there are only a few possible names for a door.
  o No two doors to a room will have the same name.
 Every key issued is a copy of a master key.  For some reason, these master 
keys are called “hooks”.  Don’t ask me why, I just work here.
 Each  hook  will  open  several  doors,  and  each  door  could  be  opened  by 
several hooks.  For instance, the back door to the university department office 
will open for two of the keys that I have.
 Not all the doors of a room will open for the same hook.  For instance, 
the department office front door will not open for a key that I have, but 
the back door will.
 Each key is issued to an employee at a particular date and time.  
Eventually, that employee will return that key.  At that point, that same 
key  could  be  issued  to  some  other  employee.    We  keep  track  of  when 
each  key  is  loaned  out,  and  when  it  was  returned  (once  it  has  been 
returned).
 Sometimes an employee loses their key.  When such a loss is reported, 
we record that and charge the employee $25 for the key.
 We  want  to  make  sure  that  we  never  issue  a  key  unless  it  has  been 
requested.

 We  want  to  make  sure  that  we  never  issue  two  keys  to  the  same 
employee that are the same hook.  That would be silly since those two 
keys on the same hook would be identical.
  o The tricky part here is that an employee could get access to one 
room,  return  the  key  for  that  room,  then  request  access  for 
another room that happens to be the same hook.
 In that case, the request would be granted since they no 
longer have the first key.
  o On  the  other  hand,  if  the  employee  still  has  the  first  key,  the 
second request needs to be denied.
